In the section “Ai policy, now and in the future”, study on AI 2016 report states that the wide spread of AI applications within teenagers, who are more frequently interacted with cell phones, would generate a increasing gap in younger and older generations in the future. It sounds plausible that it formed a barrier between the two kinds of groups, because they would be exposed to different kinds of information if the youths basically use cell phones as the main resource encounter with the message selected specifically by AI assistance, and the elders receive information in traditional medias. 

However, current studies indicate that the raising numbers of usages of cell phones in adults and more phones are even accepted by older generations. According to the research “Problematic Mobile Phone Use and Addiction Across Generations” (Daria J. Kuss, 2018), although among all the generations, cell phone users under 25 are still the main stream, there is a trend that more older groups start to use phones and other devices as resources for information. Due to the highly optimized operated and interactivity system, even though the elders may not be familiar with the details of current electronic devices, they could easily adapt to use them as daily tools. Furthermore, in addition to youths, the artificial intelligence also serves as an important role among aging groups. A Hasan Sapci (2019), in “Innovative Assisted Living Tools, Remote Monitoring Technologies, Artificial Intelligence-Driven Solutions, and Robotic Systems for Aging Societies: Systematic Review”, states that the AI has already been widely accessed by older generations as a kind of assistance, through cell phones and other types of interactivity system. The AI itself could also improve the aging society’s readiness and accessibility to novel generation, using big data collected by other ages. Thus, not only youths, the AI becomes a part of the daily life among older generation as well. Also, AI could generate profiles for each age by several methods like machine learning, processing the tremendous data through the neurol network. Therefore, instead of being gradually apart from each other, the different ages could easily access the similar information and learn about other ages better with the assistance of artificial intelligence. The existing gap between the youths and elders would approximately decline otherwise.

Also in the same section, study on AI 2016 report states that the artificial intelligence would perform better with less bias when comparing to a typical person by adjustment. When facing specific issues like gender and ethics, because AI processed the data based on the data already existing and provided by people, it still contains the bias. According to “How internet users' privacy concerns have evolved since 2002” (Annie I. Anton, 2015), the internet users usually provide whole profiles which contains extra information relevant with privacy details like zip codes and gender to the internet corporations. Thus, the data bases on bias and extra features will be used into algorithms. Even though the data and algorithms could be deliberately tested and processed by people themselves, the biased data is still generated during unavoidable people action. Anna Jobin (2010), in “The global landscape of AI ethics guidelines”, states that the bias would probably reinforce after processing by the artificial intelligence which itself contains bias input, creating unjustified results as well, even more critical comparing with people. The implementation of AI is supposed to follow particular guideline and also be supervised by public, or it may still result in inequality even worse than person.
